Nah bro. You got it all wrong! Theyre totally cool!
Gonna need to agree with you on a few of those points, but I feel like you may be stretching the truth there.
Interesting take, I thought they were alright myself.
LMAO
Killing me with these takes here.
Are you sure this is the right person? Doesnt sound like them at all. So out of character...
You can Inner join our opinions, becasue theres a LOT of overlap there, lol.
My sides have left me.
This post is just factually wrong.
Is this how I comment? Testing...
Yo, how do I make my own trainer? Im so confused.
Why are there so many people asking about making a trainer? Its literally right there, smh.
Totally agree with you there, but have they ever challenged you to a duel? No dont scroll past this comment, Im being serious!
Im not a robot... Or am I? Why did I reply to this comment? No reason... >.>
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
The above comment unlocked my coding potential! How? Im not so sure myself...
I know this is unrelated but... Someone I knew (not me honestly!) recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didnt and they dont recommend anyone else do it either.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
I may struggle with geography, but Im sure Im somewhere around here. Wait, this isnt Google Maps!
He poured rocks in the dungeon of my mind.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be. And a lot funnier.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
You know how theres survivalship bias? Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale. But we know about the explosive daisies, so that means somebody did survive! Probably! Is this an allegory? IDEK, Im just a random phrase jumbled with other random phrases.
Greetings from the real universe.
LOL
Agree to disagree.
:)
:(
How could you say something so controversial!? Yet so brave....
Who wants to talk about Python? Anyone?
Digimon is better than Pokemon, this is the hill that Ill die on! Dont @me!